Add poll_interval attribute to HttpEventTrigger (#57583)
mistercrunch/Airflow: providers/http/docs/triggers.rst

How It Works
------------

> 1. Sends requests to an API at a frequency determined by ``poll_interval``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sends requests to an API every ``poll_interval`` seconds (default 60).
```
